a question to build in my
interview I asked him how
science impacted his perspective
during his time in the oval
office checking you know the
most valuable thing i had for
perspective and politics in the
White House was a moon rock
I was gonna ask you about when
we celebrated the 30th
anniversary of the walk on the
moon in 1999 NASA came in with a
vacuum-packed you know
glass-enclosed lone rock that
was taken off the moon 1969 that
it's since been carbon-dated at
3.6 billion years old so I asked
the because i had supported the
space program so strong and said
may I just borrow that to leave
you can have it back when i go i
know it's not mine but I really
but they didn't say no to that
question now so when you see
these the television coverage of
the president meeting with a
foreign leader or whatever in
the Oval Office
there's two chairs and then
there's this two couches and
there's always a table between
the catch i put the moon rock on
the tape and for the next two
years when we'd have like
Republicans and Democrats and
more people on two sides of any
issue and they start really
really getting out of control
lightweight you see that moon
rock
it's 3.6 billion years now we're
all just passed through here and
we don't have very much time so
let's just calm down and figure
out what the right thing to do
is and it worked every single
time somebody they look most
everybody Norman perspective
same with middle of your
catering object that existed at
a time they can hardly imagine
and it just gave him that little
bit of space in their mind and
spirit to try to figure out okay
let's go with this one more time
and that's what we got to keep
doing we just have to keep
moseying around both out there
and in here and you know if you
just keep stumbling toward
Jerusalem good things happen
I mean I may be wrong about it
that's what I think I just think
you know that ended
I'd give anything to be 20 again
I'd give up having
president & gamble on my chances
in the future if i can live
another 80 or 90 years see
what's going to happen it just
to see it just to see it it's
amazing what's gonna happen